# Robust JSON

The robust-json package is a lightweight, but capable library for working with JSON files and objects in Python.

## Installation

<!--- TODO Add link to PyPI --->

You can install this package directly from [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/robust-json/):

    pip install robust-json

This library is supported on python 3.x only.

## Contributing

If you want to improve this project, first discuss your idea by opening a new issue. After that fork this repository and implement this awesome feature or fix this annoying bug. Then create a new PR and wait for approval.

_Note: please read [contributing.md](https://github.com/NickolaiBeloguzov/robust-json/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) file first. There you can find code of conduct and useful information regarding contribution process._

## Modules

This library includes 4 modules:

-   [**file**](#file-mod): This module provides functionality for working with JSON files.
-   [**object**](#obj-mod): This module provides functionality for working with JSON objects (Python dictionaries)
    _Note: the difference between file and object modules is that during initialization 'file' module expects path to JSON file while 'object' module expects a Python dictionary. For more information please read corresponding sections._
-   [**errors**](#err-mod): This module contains all exceptions that may be raised during package runtime.
-   [**ext**](#ext-mod): This module provides some extra functions that can be helpful while working with JSON.
